last_spellcaster


- when attack button and switch spell are pressed, show an hint if you don't have any spell.
- iced enemies are often not walkable anymore, i never had this problem before the improvements to obj solids. try to investigate also on hitbox updates.
  - in map 8 there's the same problem almost always.
- npc dialog x button does only forward dialogs when near the npc.
- restore shard animation maybe with sprites instead of math movements (now commented to spare tokens)z
- add more npcs
- music
- sound effects
- level design

MAYBE
- differentiate the 3 bosses with different attacks and patterns
- minimap
- Avoid that the c_slider or texts can cover the player or the interacting object.

DONE:
OK the final boss does not spawn at the end of dialog, but only if the player goes too far. It should also spawn at the end of dialog
OK REGRESSION BUG: the thunder does not open door switches
OK end of game congrats
- (SOLVABLE IN A MORE COMPLEX WAY (combination of multiple bounces), BUT IS GOOD LIKE THIS) in map 7 the bat to freeze in order to reach the scroll cannot be moved correctly with the wind. nerf the wind force or change env.
OK convert shard doors in key doors and make bosses release keys (two are needed)
OK (TO TEST) the bosses should not return to life when the player returns to the map.
NO make some enemies shoot at you
OK bosses should restore life when player goes far from them
OK improve thunder sprite
OK better delimitation for bosses areas, sometimes they go out of the box
OK change the name of the game and the project
OK create 4 types of elements: thunder, fire, ice, wind
OK create a switchlith that permits you to change element among those available
OK create a sliding text effect to show some messages on screen
OK find a way to consume a button press after executing a function (to avoid multiple activations at the same frame)
OK the fireball comes out wrong when shooting to the left
OK the hud position is messed up, again --> the problem is the order of updates, cam must be always first.
OK begin to shorten all the variable names. I hit the chars limit!
OK Bug: sometimes obj_solids are not removed when unfreeze (or maybe they are constantly re-added by some code?)
OK logging: log does not work before the config.lua call. find a way to load config first of everything
OK think about dropping the keys and doors system, is too heavy
OK do another round of token/chars optimization, here usual suggestions:
   - put dstar strings in the first column of the file (no indent)
   - shorten some variable names
   - delete unused code
   - there's so much I don't use in c_obj.draw()

OK when clicking on focus light, for a little moment a redline on top appears, investigate a remove it
OK performance issues when many enemies are on screen
  OK collisions with enemies must be done in the enemy update against c_element and player.
  OK split maps in smaller parts
OK doors do not have to interact with the player directly, but only through switches (remove interact inheritance)
OK implement the passage from a map to another when reaching the map border
OK refine the passage from a map to another vertically (now it it works only if the player doesnt move horizontally too much)
  OK the trick must be differnt from the horizontal one, because the player can jump and fall down
OK Update method is sometimes executed after draw for the first time. This happens because the object creation is done in 
  another update of another object, and the update of the new object will be called only on the next frame, while the draw is called
  in the current frame.
  One way to avoid this is to create a method that also specify in the new how the object must be drawn (a common method used in new and update)
OK implement a memory system that remember open doors/switches and burnt vines
OK check or make that wandering enemies will bounce on the map limits (even if there are no solids)
OK scroll should show what the cost is and the name of skill in a better way
OK player and enemy bullet should not pass walls.
OK when the player switch maps it must mantain the current element 
OK verify if scrolls do not respawn if already collected
OK retest interactions (I refactored it a bit)
OK re-check the scroll cost decrease and shard doors cost decrease when interacted with.
OK test the shards moving towards the player (after the refactor of dist and moveTo)
OK test the boss movements.
OK Sometimes vines are not burnt when hit by fireball (see stage 4)
OK bosses health must restore when player dies.
OK add some environmental hazards (spikes, traps, etc)
OK vines must not be subject to ice
OK investigate and improve boss shooting cpu performance -> the problem was that all those bullets for 3 parallel bosses where created in the same frame,
  it is enought to make them to have a delay from the first shot to avoid the cpu spike.
OK try to think a path where scrolls of the same kind must be taken in specific order, or it would be too easy or I have to check to not nerf the player, 
  for example: every level of fire can burn some specific colored vines
    OK DRAW a path of all the scrolls and their pick order.
OK For some vines the first and the last of a row are not subject to player collision
OK map transition of player: sometimes it get stuck inside walls if some jumping is happening or there's strange combination of walls.
OK some shards, when reloading twice the same map, are respawning as solid tiles!!!
OK the ice scroll is floating in the air - move it to the ground, or the info popup is unreadable.
OK it is possible to open 1+ doors with 1 switch, but it is not possible to open 1 door with 2+ switches. try to check the association method.
OK we have again problems with map transition, try to do an hard check with a new map compressor with all kinds of transitions or find a new system.
OK the fire (or other elements) are too near the player when shot from the left.
OK add skeleton walking
OK add another flying enemy witch
OK add 1 or 2 more bosses
OK add a background parallax
OK improve map design
OK dogs/walking creatures will not fall when out of platform (they go out of platform if you push them, but I changed the logic, so it must be tested again)
OK (not a problem) avoid freezing the vines.
OK if you use fire too near a vine, this does not burn
OK improve design of health bar of bosses
OK npc dialogs do not close correctly at the end with 'X'. It will retrigger the start of dialog. 
  OK analyse better the npc interaction (there must be a cooldown after the end, or use a btnp correctly)
OK do performance improvement: find what is the most cpu intensive sprite/loop
OK finish to add decorations to other levels (4 to 9)
OK OPTIONAL: try to change the way you choose the element (for example with the UP key instead of using a focuslith, but this can be a problem with analog sticks)
  OK maybe it could be to press twice the down arrow (stick)
OK switchlith could be made non interactive after being turned on.
OK now that obj_solids is by tile key position, i should update obj_solids when a solid is moved in the game (for example an ice cube moved with wind)
OK switches are also reachable diagonally, that should be avoided
  OK one way is to avoid having switches that diagonally intersect the player from an illogic part of the map (simply editing the map)
[I DECIDED TO LET BE] when pushing with wind and enemy is bouncing to a wall or edge, it change direction with more force. 
  OK This should not happen, but it seems fun
OK fix background sprite for ice
OK stage 9: fix the ledge reaching near the scrools (you should be able to climp up after)
OK open shard doors does not have to interact anymore.